PoC Algob web (#396)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

### Improvements
+ New package `Web`, It can be used in Dapps to interact with ASAs and Apps
    + Compatible with `algosigner`.
    + Support `executeTransaction` function with web package
+ Move Error lists, BuilderError, mkTransaction to web package
+ Reuse mkTransaction, Errors in algob and runtime

### API breaking
+ Rename `SSC` to `App` - This will affect deployment and all calls made to stateful smart contracts(SSC) or `App`
    + OptInSSC -> OptInToASA
    + DeleteSSC -> DeleteApp
    + DeploySSC -> DeployApp
    + SSCDeploymentFlags -> AppDeploymentFlags
    + SSCOptionalFlags -> AppOptionalFlags
+ Import are changed to scoped imports

>     + instead of stringToBytes, yuo can import a `convert` scope, and then use `convert.stringToBytes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + instead of stringToBytes, you can import a `convert` namespace, and then use `convert.stringToBytes`
```
